Part 1: Understanding float and how it affects layout
    Scenario Setup:
        You have a container with two images and two paragraphs. Some elements are floated using CSS.
    What float Does:
        When you use float on an element (like an image), you're telling the browser:
            "Take this element out of the normal document flow and push it to the left or right."
        This lets inline elements (like text) wrap around it.

    Observations:
    1. First Image – float: left;
        It moves to the left of the container.
        It's removed from the normal flow.
        The paragraph (even though it's a block element) flows around the image, starting right next to it.
    
    2. First Paragraph
        Since the image is floated, the paragraph ignores the image's vertical space.
        So, the paragraph starts next to the image and wraps around it if there's space.

    3. Second Image – float: right;
        It floats to the right but appears after the first paragraph.
        Why? Because the first paragraph has taken the full horizontal space beside the first image, and the second image comes in the source order after it.

    4. Second Paragraph
        Since both images are floated, the second paragraph starts after them in terms of source code, but visually, it appears between or under them based on their float.

Part 2: Understanding clear and how it works
    The clear property tells an element:
        “Don’t sit beside floated elements on this side. Move below them.”

     Experimenting with clear
     clear: left;
        The element won’t appear next to any left-floated elements.
        So the second paragraph jumps below the first image.

    clear: right;
        The element won’t sit beside any right-floated elements.
        The second paragraph skips the space of the second image and moves down a bit to avoid it.

    clear: both;
        It clears both sides.
        The paragraph ensures it starts after all floated elements, left or right.
        Even if there are many floated images in a row, this makes sure the paragraph starts from a clean line.

Visual Analogy
    Think of float as a rock in a stream (paragraphs are water):
        The rock (float) doesn’t block the flow—it lets the water (text) go around it.
        But clear is like saying: “Wait, I don’t want to go around rocks. I’ll wait until I'm past all rocks to start flowing.”


